these two bears are very skinny they
both been drawn to the falls in a
desperate attempt to catch one of the
leaping salmon
but they have to be in exactly the right
position just a little bit off the mark
and they won't catch a thing this bear
knows he needs a better position to fish
but there's a real danger a fallen to
this surging water could be fatal
[Music]
not only does he have to stand in this
fast water but he has to be secure
enough to reach for leaping fish
[Music]
the other bear needs to get closer but
there's no place for him to stat
[Music]
they are so close and yet just out of
reach
[Music]
the bear on the other side of the fall
looks on in vain he is just too high
above the water
but this bears precarious position
finally pays off
you